Update: Listing a license requires license added via Admin API to begin with (#6547)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/licenses/examples.md

## List all licenses

> Listing licenses depends on the license having been added using the Admin API previously. If a license was not added using the Admin API then the response seen will be as displayed on the `Response if there is no license` tab below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> **Note**: Listing licenses using the Admin API requires the license to have been originally added the same way. 
If the license was not added using the Admin API, then the response will be the same as displayed on the `Response if there is no license` tab below.
```
